yeah people think she's a little out of
my league maybe I'm aiming too high but
that's all
okay
and I know it's going today
you
this is urban I will introduce you to a
dance called shipping away it's 32
counts a beginner dance had two walls
down to the music of Kevin Fowler
chipping away and I will show you the
steps here start with your right foot
weight on your left do kink kink coaster
step coaster step will you left kick
kick coaster step paddle 2/4 paddle a
quarter
paddle a quarter step cross right over
left step left to left side behind side
cross behind side cross rock to your
left
recover behind side cross left behind
behind side cross side together forward
side together forward on your right
shuffle forward left shuffle step Rock
forward on your right recover point
right to back I'm white to your right
half turn wait on your right and do a
step hop turn step turn
finish the dance with kick or touch kick
or touch and here we will start the
dance over again show you one more time
samih egg kick kick coaster step kick
kick coaster step paddle and paddle to
cross side behind side cross Rock Creek
cover behind side cross side together
forward shuffle step Rock recover to
unwind or step turn kick and touch with
do it on the counts as well seven eight
one two three four five six
eight one two three four five six seven
and eight
one two three and four five and six
seven eight one two three four five six
seven and eight
there is one tag it's happening
afternoon wall nine and what you really
do is you doing that eight first step
kinky coaster twice so you could call it
a restart or a tag but I have decided to
call it attack course it's fix the music
good luck
buying from now enjoy the DES
you